[RelayMiner] Add support for forwarding 'Pocket-' specific identity headers. (#1258)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/operate/configs/relayminer_config.md

requests to the service. It can be used to add additional headers like
`Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>` for example.

#### `forward_identity_headers`

_`Optional`_

> When `forward_identity_headers` is enabled, the following Pocket-specific headers are automatically added
> to every request sent to your backend service. 
> These headers help identify the Supplier, the Service, and the Application within the Pocket Network context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `forward_identity_headers` is enabled, the following Pocket-specific headers are automatically added
to every request, which are forwarded to the operator's backend service. 

These headers help identify the Supplier, the Service, and the Application within the Pocket Network context.

It is useful in cases where the operator wants to distinguish and apply custom logic.
```

| Header                      | Description                                                          |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Pocket-Supplier             | The address of the Supplier operator that is forwarding the request. |

> | Pocket-Service              | The on-chain Service Id for which the Supplier is staked.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pocket-Service              | The onchain Service Id for which the Supplier is staked.            |
```

Ref: https://x.com/brian_armstrong/status/1906723887112401179
